Hollweg Dispersion Solver Bug Fix (#1529)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1529.bugfix.rst

> Fix bug in the :file:`hollweg_.py` module that didn't allow for theta array inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug in :func:`~plasmapy.dispersion.numerical.hollweg_.hollweg`
that did not allow for arguments ``theta`` and ``k`` to simultaneously
be arrays.
```
